Elaborate a bit on performance (#5)
guybedford/proposal-is-usv-string: README.md

Making it a static method on `String` seems like the safest home for such a method. Adding custom methods to `String.prototype` is likely quite risky, but could be considered as well.

### What about performance?

> Performance optimizations are up to implementations and are not the primary motivation for this specification, yet enabling a builtin method that is faster than validation in userland is desireable. Perhaps well-formedness state could be cached per string and propagated through string operations so common cases to determine well-formedness do not require a linear scan, say with two bits indicating well-formedness (00<sub>2</sub>), low surrogate at the start and/or high surrogate at the end (01<sub>2</sub>), unpaired surrogate somewhere in the middle (10<sub>2</sub>) and deferred rescan (11<sub>2</sub>).

Reviewer: I'd prefer the discussion here to avoid too much of the implementation detail and just focus on the high level, perhaps something like:

```suggestion
Performance optimizations are up to implementations and are not the primary motivation for this specification, yet enabling a builtin method that is faster than validation in userland is desireable. Perhaps well-formedness state could be cached per string and propagated through string operations to avoid the need for a linear scan since the concatenation of well formed strings is a well formed string and slices of well formed strings only require checking on the boundaries.
```

Author: What I am trying to convey is that optimization might not be as trivial as one might assume, at least in certain cases. Perhaps:

```suggestion
Performance optimizations are up to implementations and are not the primary motivation for this specification, yet enabling a builtin method that is faster than validation in userland is desirable. Perhaps well-formedness state could be cached per string and propagated through string operations to avoid the need for a linear scan where possible, say where strings are already well-formed, while handling of strings containing inner unpaired surrogates may still require linear-time (re)scans.
```
